PR: Update RELEASE.md (#187)
spyder-ide/qtawesome: RELEASE.md

## Instructions to release a new QtAwesome version

To release a new version of QtAwesome (on PyPI and Conda-forge) follow these steps

### Prerequisites

In order to do a release, you need to have:

* An environment with the packages required to do the release (`loghub`, `pip`, `setuptools`, `twine`, `wheel`). If using `conda`, you can create a `release` environment with

      conda create -n release python=3.9
      conda activate release
      pip install -U pip setuptools twine wheel loghub

> * Cloned repository (usually your fork with an `upstream` remote pointing to the project original repo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A clone of this repository (usually your fork with an `upstream` remote pointing to the project original repo)
```
